Update assign-pod-node.md (#31360)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

    image: nginx
```

Then add a nodeSelector using the following commands:

{{< codenew file="pods/pod-nginx.yaml" >}}

When you then run `kubectl apply -f https://k8s.io/examples/pods/pod-nginx.yaml`,
the Pod will get scheduled on the node that you attached the label to.

> You can verify that if  it worked by running the  `kubectl get pods -o wide` and by looking at the

Reviewer: This doesn't require a change. Original phrasing works fine as is.

> You can verify that if  it worked by running the  `kubectl get pods -o wide` and by looking at the

Reviewer 2: To verify that it worked, run `kubectl get pods -o wide`. Check that the pod is assigned to the correct node.

> You can verify that if  it worked by running the  `kubectl get pods -o wide` and by looking at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify whether it worked by running the  `kubectl get pods -o wide` and by looking at the
```

with a standard set of labels. See [Well-Known Labels, Annotations and Taints](/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/) for a list of these.

{{< note >}}

> The values of these labels are cloud provider specific and are not guaranteed to be reliable.

Reviewer 2: nit: ?

For example, the value of `kubernetes.io/hostname` may be the same as the Node name in some environments
and a different value in other environments.
{{< /note >}}

## Node isolation/restriction

Adding labels to Node objects allows targeting pods to specific nodes or groups of nodes.

> This can be used to ensure specific pods  that only run on nodes with certain isolation, security, or regulatory properties.

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

> This can be used to ensure specific pods  that only run on nodes with certain isolation, security, or regulatory properties.

Reviewer 2: Suggested edits:
You can use labels to ensure that specific pods run only on nodes with certain isolation, security, or regulatory properties.
When using labels for this purpose, choose label keys that cannot be modified by the kubelet process on the node.

> This can be used to ensure specific pods  that only run on nodes with certain isolation, security, or regulatory properties.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
This can be used to ensure that specific pods only run on nodes with certain isolation, security, or regulatory properties.
```

> When using labels for this purpose, choosing label keys which cannot be modified by the kubelet process on the node is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here. No change required.

This prevents a compromised node from using its kubelet credential to set those labels on its own Node object,
and influencing the scheduler to schedule workloads to the compromised node.

The `NodeRestriction` admission plugin prevents kubelets from setting or modifying labels with a `node-restriction.kubernetes.io/` prefix.
To make use of that label prefix for node isolation:

1. Ensure you are using the [Node authorizer](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/node/) and have _enabled_ the [NodeRestriction admission plugin](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#noderestriction).

> 2. Add labels under the `node-restriction.kubernetes.io/` prefix to your Node objects, and use those same labels in your node selectors.

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

For example, `example.com.node-restriction.kubernetes.io/fips=true` or `example.com.node-restriction.kubernetes.io/pci-dss=true`.

## Affinity and anti-affinity

`nodeSelector` provides a very simple way to constrain pods to nodes with particular labels. The affinity/anti-affinity
feature, greatly expands the types of constraints you can express. The key enhancements are

> 1. The affinity/anti-affinity language is more expressive. This language offers more matching rules

Reviewer 2: nit: Let's keep the original text in items 1 and 2.

   besides exact matches created with a logical AND operation;

> 2. you can also indicate that the rule is "soft"/"preference" rather than a hard requirement, so if the scheduler

Reviewer 3: Since there is no previous mention of an indication in this context, the sentence sounds right without the use of `also`

> 2. you can also indicate that the rule is "soft"/"preference" rather than a hard requirement, so if the scheduler

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

{{< note >}}
The DaemonSet controller, which [creates Pods for DaemonSets](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/#scheduled-by-default-scheduler)

> is not aware of scheduling profiles. For this reason, it's recommended that you keep a scheduler profile, such as the

Reviewer 3: `it is` is more formal and preferred

> is not aware of scheduling profiles. For this reason, it's recommended that you keep a scheduler profile, such as the

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

> is not aware of scheduling profiles. For this reason, it's recommended that you keep a scheduler profile, such as the

Reviewer 2: nit: contractions are okay, though, the original text is also fine.

Note that an empty `namespaceSelector` ({}) matches all namespaces, while a null or empty `namespaces` list and 
null `namespaceSelector` means "this pod's namespace".

> This feature is in the beta version and enabled by default. You can surely disable it via the

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

> This feature is in the beta version and enabled by default. You can surely disable it via the

Reviewer 2: What do you think about keeping the original text? Thanks!

> This feature is in the beta version and enabled by default. You can surely disable it via the

Reviewer: Surely isn't required here. I agree with @kbhawkey reg. keeping the original text

```suggestion
This feature is in the beta version and enabled by default. You can disable it via the
```

In a three node cluster, a web application has in-memory cache such as redis. We want the web-servers to be co-located with the cache as much as possible.

> Here, below there is the yaml snippet of a simple redis deployment with three replicas and selector label `app=store`. The deployment has `PodAntiAffinity` configured to ensure the scheduler does not co-locate replicas on a single node.

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

> Here, below there is the yaml snippet of a simple redis deployment with three replicas and selector label `app=store`. The deployment has `PodAntiAffinity` configured to ensure the scheduler does not co-locate replicas on a single node.

Reviewer 2: 👋 @r0ushann . 
I suggest to remove the phrase ", below there" from the sentence.

[node affinity](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/design-proposals/scheduling/nodeaffinity.md)
and for [inter-pod affinity/anti-affinity](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/design-proposals/scheduling/podaffinity.md) contain extra background information about these features.

> Once a Pod is  successfully assigned to a Node, the kubelet runs the Pod and allocates node-local resources.

Reviewer 3: More than single whitespace before `successfully`. Also not sure about the need for `successfully` since it is understood

> Once a Pod is  successfully assigned to a Node, the kubelet runs the Pod and allocates node-local resources.

Reviewer: The original phrasing works better here, as well. No change required.

> Once a Pod is  successfully assigned to a Node, the kubelet runs the Pod and allocates node-local resources.

Reviewer: @r0ushann : successfully is not required. Please retain original phrasing
